README.md, before:

<p style="display:">
  <h1>Hi there 👋🏽</h1>
  <img src="./img&gif/gh flag.png" height=50px style="float:right">
</p>

<img src="./img&gif/coder.gif" alt="coder gif" style="float:right">



I'm a computer science student who is passionate about writing code, solving problems, automating stuff, and building software.

At this point, I think it's safe to say *" I'm in love with the programming 'magic' "*, the closest thing to real world super powers.  

- 🏫 I’m currently a CS student at [Accra Technical University](https://atu.edu.gh/).
- 📚  I'm currently focusing on **web and android development**, while researching other technologies


> Checkout my [codewars](https://www.codewars.com/users/G4me_8woy) profile, nothing to brag about... at least not yet 😉  


- 👷🏾‍♂️ I’m looking for an internship.  
- 👯‍♂️ Feel free to reach out to me for help, collabs or side hustles  
Also, I'd love to have friends with similar interests in Tech, Anime or the Marvel universe 😄, so hey... say hi  
[![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?label=Facebook&logo=Facebook&style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2Fismlhbb)](https://web.facebook.com/muhammed.fuad.520/)
[![Twitter URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?label=WhatsApp&logo=WhatsApp&style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2Fismlhbb)](https://wa.me/+233545500971)  

# My Repo Structure
## My Projects
[![Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=G4me8woy&repo=West_Trendz_Automobiles)](https://github.com/G4me8woy/West_Trendz_Automobiles)  

## Rank Coding Challenges
[![Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=G4me8woy&repo=Greed_is_Good)](https://github.com/G4me8woy/Greed_is_Good) 

[![Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=G4me8woy&repo=Number_of_People_on_The_Bus)](https://github.com/G4me8woy/Number_of_People_on_The_Bus) 

[![Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=G4me8woy&repo=Find_The_Unique_Number )](https://github.com/G4me8woy/Find_The_Unique_Number ) 



# some stats
![My github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=g4me8woy&count_private=true&show_icons=true&custom_title=My%20Repo%20Stats&title_color=000000&icon_color=000000&text_color=000000&bg_color=45,eb3443,faf600,11fa00)

![MY Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=g4me8woy&title_color=000000&bg_color=45,eb3443,faf600,11fa00&text_color=000000&text_size=20px&custom_title=Lang.%20Used%20in%20%20Repo%20So%20Far)

Commit message:

profile update
made repo link target blank and added a new code challenge repo - Multiples_of_3_or_5

README.md, after:

<p style="display:">
  <h1>Hi there 👋🏽</h1>
  <img src="./img&gif/gh flag.png" height=50px style="float:right">
</p>

<img src="./img&gif/coder.gif" alt="coder gif" style="float:right">



I'm a computer science student who is passionate about writing code, solving problems, automating stuff, and building software.

At this point, I think it's safe to say *" I'm in love with the programming 'magic' "*, the closest thing to real world super powers.  

- 🏫 I’m currently a CS student at [Accra Technical University](https://atu.edu.gh/).
- 📚  I'm currently focusing on **web and android development**, while researching other technologies


> Checkout my [codewars](https://www.codewars.com/users/G4me_8woy) profile, nothing to brag about... at least not yet 😉  


- 👷🏾‍♂️ I’m looking for an internship.  
- 👯‍♂️ Feel free to reach out to me for help, collabs or side hustles  
Also, I'd love to have friends with similar interests in Tech, Anime or the Marvel universe 😄, so hey... say hi  
[![Facebook URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?label=Facebook&logo=Facebook&style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2Fismlhbb)](https://web.facebook.com/muhammed.fuad.520/)
[![WhatsApp URL](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url?label=WhatsApp&logo=WhatsApp&style=social&url=https%3A%2F%2Ffacebook.com%2Fismlhbb)](https://wa.me/+233545500971)  

# My Repo Structure
## My Projects 

<a href="https://github.com/G4me8woy/West_Trendz_Automobiles" alt="West_Trendz_Automobiles Repo Link" target="_blank">![West_Trendz_Automobiles Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=G4me8woy&repo=West_Trendz_Automobiles)</a>


## Rank Coding Challenges

<a href="https://github.com/G4me8woy/Greed_is_Good" alt="Greed_is_Good Repo Link" target="_blank">![Greed_is_Good Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=G4me8woy&repo=Greed_is_Good)</a>


<a href="https://github.com/G4me8woy/Number_of_People_on_The_Bus" alt="Number_of_People_on_The_Bus Repo Link" target="_blank">![Number_of_People_on_The_Bus Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=G4me8woy&repo=Number_of_People_on_The_Bus)</a>


<a href="https://github.com/G4me8woy/Find_The_Unique_Number " alt="Find_The_Unique_Number  Repo Link" target="_blank">![Find_The_Unique_Number  Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=G4me8woy&repo=Find_The_Unique_Number )</a>


<a href="https://github.com/G4me8woy/Multiples_of_3_or_5" alt="Multiples_of_3_or_5 Repo Link" target="_blank">![Multiples_of_3_or_5 Repo Card](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/pin/?username=G4me8woy&repo=Multiples_of_3_or_5)</a>

# some stats
![My github stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=g4me8woy&count_private=true&show_icons=true&custom_title=My%20Repo%20Stats&title_color=000000&icon_color=000000&text_color=000000&bg_color=45,eb3443,faf600,11fa00)

![MY Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=g4me8woy&title_color=000000&bg_color=45,eb3443,faf600,11fa00&text_color=000000&text_size=20px&custom_title=Lang.%20Used%20in%20%20Repo%20So%20Far)
